Crates documentations guideline (#9558)
bevyengine/bevy: .github/contributing/docs_guide.md

# Documentations Guide

This guide aims to ensure consistency in the Bevy crates documentation, they should be seen as advice and not strict rules and should therefore be adapted on a case-by-case basis.

## The crate documentation

1. The first line is a single sentence that summarizes the crate role in the Bevy ecosystem.
2. The first line is followed by an empty line.
3. The documentation may contain more details.

> 4. Links are placed at the end to clarify documentation reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Links are usually placed at the end, depending on context (inline links may be useful clarification in a longer documentation block).
```
Perhaps?

> 5. The crate attributes (`#![attribute]`) are placed _after_ the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The crate attributes (`#![attribute]`) are placed _before_ the documentation. Consumers of the documentation are more likely to visit generated docs, rather than reading them in the source files.
```

# Documentations Guide

This guide aims to ensure consistency in the Bevy crates documentation, they should be seen as advice and not strict rules and should therefore be adapted on a case-by-case basis.

## Prelude module's documentations

If the crate has a prelude module, its documentation should be a single sentence with the name of the crate in camel_case and in code format (i.e. between backticks `` `bevy_XXX` ``).

```rust
/// The `bevy_XXX` prelude.
```

Example for `bevy_animation`

```rust
/// The `bevy_animation` prelude.
pub mod prelude {
    /* ... */
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to not document those at all.

Adding "the `crate_name` prelude" doesn't bring any value. Something useful would be the information of what to expect from the prelude, what a user could use it for and which use cases are covered with it, but I think that would be too much noise/harder to maintain, and not the place people would look for that anyway.

## The crate documentation

1. The first line is a single sentence that summarizes the crate role in the Bevy ecosystem.
2. The first line is followed by an empty line.
3. The documentation may contain more details.

> 4. Links are placed at the end to clarify documentation reading.

Reviewer 2: This is very context dependant and will depend on the sentence and the link.
